docs: update custom query handler (#10726)
puppeteer/puppeteer: docs/guides/query-selectors.mdx

Puppeteer provides users the ability to add their own query selectors to Puppeteer using [Puppeteer.registerCustomQueryHandler](../api/puppeteer.registercustomqueryhandler.md). This is useful for creating custom selectors based on framework objects or other vendor-specific objects.

> #### Basic Custom Selectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Custom Selectors
```

> An example of registration of a custom selector called `getById` selector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can register a custom query handler that allows you to create custom selectors. For example, define a query handler for `getById` selectors:
```

```ts
Puppeteer.registerCustomQueryHandler('getById', {
  queryOne: (elementOrDocument, selector) => {

>     if (

Reviewer: can we get rid of the if checks somehow?

      // elementOrDocument may be a Node
      elementOrDocument instanceof Element ||
      elementOrDocument instanceof Document
    ) {
      return elementOrDocument.querySelector(`[id="${CSS.escape(selector)}"]`);
    }
    return null;
  },
  // Note: for demonstation perpose only `id` should be page unique
  queryAll: (elementOrDocument, selector) => {
    if (
      // elementOrDocument may be a Node
      elementOrDocument instanceof Element ||
      elementOrDocument instanceof Document
    ) {
      return elementOrDocument.querySelectorAll(
        `[id="${CSS.escape(selector)}"]`
      );
    }
    return [];
  },
});
```

> You can now use it in these ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use it as following:
```

```ts
const node = await page.waitForSelector('::-p-getById(elementId)');
// OR used in conjunction with other selectors
const moreSpecificNode = await page.waitForSelector(
  '.side-bar ::-p-getById(elementId)'
);
```

#### Custom framework components selector

:::caution

> Internal library/framework methods can change and/or break at anytime use with caution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful when relying on internal APIs of libraries or frameworks. They can change at any time.
```

:::

> Framework example using `vue` and it's internals to find by component name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find Vue components by name by using Vue internals for querying:
```

```ts
Puppeteer.registerCustomQueryHandler('vue', {
  queryOne: (element, name) => {
    const walker = document.createTreeWalker(element, NodeFilter.SHOW_ELEMENT);
    do {
      const currentNode = walker.currentNode;
      if (
        // @ts-ignore
        currentNode.__vnode?.ctx?.type?.name.toLowerCase() ===
        name.toLocaleLowerCase()
      ) {
        return currentNode;
      }
    } while (walker.nextNode());

    return null;
  },
});
```

> Then we can use as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query the Vue component as following:
```

```ts
const element = await page.$('::-p-vue(MyComponent)');
```

#### Web Components

> Web Components create their own tag so you can just query them by default using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web Components create their own tag so you can query them by the tag name:
```

```ts
const element = await page.$('my-web-component');
```

> To add a some typehiting to your tests you can add the following typing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extend `HTMLElementTagNameMap` to define types for custom tags. This allows Puppeteer to infer the return type for the ElementHandle:
```

```ts
declare global {
  interface HTMLElementTagNameMap {
    'my-web-component': MyWebComponent;
  }
}
```

> This will let Puppeteer infer the type from the query above.

Reviewer: remove

Puppeteer provides users the ability to add their own query selectors to Puppeteer using [Puppeteer.registerCustomQueryHandler](../api/puppeteer.registercustomqueryhandler.md). This is useful for creating custom selectors based on framework objects or other vendor-specific objects.

#### Basic Custom Selectors

An example of registration of a custom selector called `getById` selector:

```ts
Puppeteer.registerCustomQueryHandler('getById', {
  queryOne: (elementOrDocument, selector) => {
    if (
      // elementOrDocument may be a Node
      elementOrDocument instanceof Element ||
      elementOrDocument instanceof Document
    ) {

>       return elementOrDocument.querySelector(`[id="${selector}"]`);

Reviewer: probably needs a `CSS.escape`

    }
    return null;
  },
  queryAll: (elementOrDocument, selector) => {
    if (
      // elementOrDocument may be a Node
      elementOrDocument instanceof Element ||
      elementOrDocument instanceof Document
    ) {
      return elementOrDocument.querySelectorAll(`[id="${selector}"]`);
    }
    return [];
  },
});
```

You can now use it in these ways:

```ts

> const node = await page.waitForSelector('getById/elementId');

Reviewer: we probably don't want to promote the old way

//  OR
const node = await page.waitForSelector('::-p-getById(elementId)');
```

#### Custom framework components selector

:::caution

> Internal library/framework methods can change and/or brake at anytime use with caution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal library/framework methods can change and/or break at anytime use with caution.
```
